somewhat man came to give Donald and
Douglas their numbers Donald was main
and Douglas in when the man went away
they were left alone in the shed you
know may not noticed lucky never painted
soccer phenom fans for the letter
forgive their painful our new numbers on
our friend s but they mean put the names
on us
Donald wink brad.leah this twin yet a
means grim Douglass thereafter week ran
jitties Stalin's shuffle Donald watch
over wish he has an instructor nor nine
and ten
Smail inspector cheers stop she'll show
you around before you start work
the twins enjoyed themselves on were
soon friends were duck they didn't main
what they did they tackle good strands
and coaches easily for once the twins
was shunted them trucks knew better than
tranny tricks
touchstone sneha what take my tip watch
off record on Henry and James don't show
the five some nonsense good enough s
yourself chuckle Donald real
thoroughness fllm Donald and Douglas had
deep-toned Brussels sure sound like
bosses said Gordon or ships
sniggered Henry talk about any laughs
Gordon
you know what now fella making fun of us
with you know Donald Gordon and Henry
jump they grunts nervously can save you
save Henry that's fine said Douglas but
it's mine get it off and yes keep it
down the way that's the way Gordon and
Henry kept it every day 3:30 Gordon
steamed Emily expressed that has called
the wave nor'wester on the sweeter
people from England Wales and Scotland
there is also a special case for
passengers traveling the theaters in
Thomas's branchline
when the allure coasters are shaken away
ampage engines have to remember this
from the static routes to the base are
forms that does not react there alone
Thomas the bombing travel from hariom
from the junction defective Thomas is
very credible special coach one
afternoon
Douglas help duck on the yard wild
animals we undertake extreme to the
other end of the lane as stuck with
Bezier engine tunnels Chuck
Douglas offered to take away Gordon's
coaches
Douglas was enjoying himself when an
awful thought struck him Paula Hoffler
fast controller certainly found out I
shouldn't be here
I couldn't a face go on back he worries
so much over this that he favela become
as a special coach
he pushes the feelers into the carry
baton the UNAM will belong to join gum
old as he went
Thomas scampered by whistling cheerfully
soon Thomas came fussing where's my
coach college fast Donald without coach
thanks special coach the Corden brings
from me
it's gone I must find it then beautiful
the way nor should IX the Douglass how -
toward the special court with the reales
today you see that expand on this driver
and all the tangley passengers are
roughly from the savings that I come
playing into the Fat Controller he'll
become an hereness nor listen the
doubles driver will change tenders then
away via Donald ticular goods didn't
Anna fash yerself click now good Allah
say the Fat Controller and three
passengers walked towards them but
Donald with Douglas estándar was iton
away with the grapes before they came
near Douglas and his driver we have a
venison expressions ah said the Fat
Controller number nine and why have you
not taken the goods but tenderness or
Eisler the driver shoot him the tender
still uncoupled I see some deep that new
date tell me whydid number ten leave so
quickly
no maybe said I peed in Douglas Driessen
are you gonna come on and thought he was
an act
mmm said The Fat Controller he turned to
the passengers here are the facts number
10 has been shot in the yard
your coach disappeared we investigates
number 10 a disappears teeth you can
draw your conclusions
please accept my apologies the matter
will be investigated good afternoon
ladies and gentlemen
the thought controller watched them till
they claimed the theorem his shoulders
twist he wiped his eyes Douglas wondered
if he was crying he was not he swung
round suddenly Douglas why are you
masquerading around with Donald stander
you